Miss Havisham. ミス･ハヴィシャム 郝薇香小姐 

ジャガーズ 贾格斯
17ch
she’s more beautiful than anybody ever was, and I admire her dreadfully, and I want to be a gentleman on her account.
几尼：注意单位

1ch
MY FATHER’S FAMILY NAME being Pirrip, and my christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip. So I called myself Pip, and came to be called Pip.

1ch
Ours was the marsh country, down by the river, within, as the river wound, twenty miles of the sea. My first most vivid and broad impression of the identity of things seems to me to have been gained on a memorable raw afternoon towards evening.

christian name：教名
twenty miles：30km

ch8
“Look at me,” said Miss Havisham.

“You are not afraid of a woman who has never seen the sun since you were born?”

She turned her hands over her heart, and asked me,

“Do you know what I have got under my hand?”

“Your heart.”

“A broken heart.”

10:35 ch11
With this common labouring-boy!

I had never thought of being ashamed of my hands before…”

…but I began to consider 

them a very indifferent pair.

I wished Joe had been rather more genteelly brought up, and then I should have been so too.

12:04 ch11
As we were going with our candle along the dark passage, Estella stopped all of a sudden, and, facing round, said in her taunting manner, with her face quite close to mine,
突然エステラが立ち止まり
振り向きざまに
顔をぐっと近づけて
あの偉そうな調子ていった

“Am I pretty?”

“Yes; I think you are very pretty.”

“Am I insulting?”

“Not so much so as you were last time,” said I.

“Not so much so?”

“No.”

She fired when she asked the last question, and she slapped my face with such force as she had, when I answered it.

“Now?” said she.

“You little coarse monster, what do you think of me now?”

ch14
I was to be Joe’s ’prentice, and I was to wear my apron and my sleeves turned up, and I was to be happy and contented.

I had not thought of myself as being anything else.

But when I came to know myself, and found that I was not what I had been, I was very miserable.

I was always growing more dissatisfied with my condition.

The weight of the great hammer on the anvil was nothing compared with the weight upon my heart.

ch18
“My name is Jaggers, and I am a lawyer in London.”

“I am instructed by a certain person to communicate to him that he will come into a handsome property.”

Mr. Jaggers pointed his forefinger at me when he said “him.”

“The communication I have got to make is, that he has great expectations.”

“I am instructed to communicate to him,” said Mr. Jaggers, throwing his finger at me again, “that he will come into a handsome property.”

“Further, that it is the desire of the present possessor of that property, that he be immediately removed from his present sphere of life and from this place, and be brought up as a gentleman.”

“In a word, as a young fellow of great expectations.”

20:19 ch19
and all beyond was so unknown and great, that in a moment with a strong heave and sob I broke into tears. 

