17ch
she’s more beautiful than anybody ever was, and I admire her dreadfully, and I want to be a gentleman on her account.


1ch
MY FATHER’S FAMILY NAME being Pirrip, and my christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip. So I called myself Pip, and came to be called Pip.

1ch
Ours was the marsh country, down by the river, within, as the river wound, twenty miles of the sea. My first most vivid and broad impression of the identity of things seems to me to have been gained on a memorable raw afternoon towards evening.

10:35
With this common labouring-boy!

I had never thought of being ashamed of my hands before…”

…but I began to consider 

them a very indifferent pair.

I wished Joe had been rather more genteelly brought up, and then I should have been so too.

12:04 ch11
As we were going with our candle along the dark passage, Estella stopped all of a sudden, and, facing round, said in her taunting manner, with her face quite close to mine,
突然エステラが立ち止まり
振り向きざまに
顔をぐっと近づけて
あの偉そうな調子ていった

“Am I pretty?”

“Yes; I think you are very pretty.”

“Am I insulting?”

“Not so much so as you were last time,” said I.

“Not so much so?”

“No.”

She fired when she asked the last question, and she slapped my face with such force as she had, when I answered it.

“Now?” said she.

“You little coarse monster, what do you think of me now?”

ch18
“My name is Jaggers, and I am a lawyer in London.”

“I am instructed by a certain person to communicate to him that he will come into a handsome property.”

Mr. Jaggers pointed his forefinger at me when he said “him.”

“The communication I have got to make is, that he has great expectations.”

“I am instructed to communicate to him,” said Mr. Jaggers, throwing his finger at me again, “that he will come into a handsome property.”

“Further, that it is the desire of the present possessor of that property, that he be immediately removed from his present sphere of life and from this place, and be brought up as a gentleman.”

“In a word, as a young fellow of great expectations.”

20:19 ch39
The great world was a great world to me, and the mist was a great mist.
I was a mere ignorant boy, and I felt that I was nothing.
I burst into tears.

After that, I was better able to endure my sorrow.
I had been softened, and I was better for it.
I had been humbled, and I was better for it.
I had been made to know myself, and I was better for it.